$Id: README 1.2.1.3 Sat, 13 May 2000 12:14:21 +0200 hugo $

README file for the Tutorial simulation of a cerebellar Purkinje cell

This tutorial is based upon a GENESIS simulation of a cerebellar Purkinje 
cell, modeled and fine-tuned by Erik de Schutter. The tutorial assumes that
you have a basic knowledge of the Purkinje cell and its synaptic inputs. It 
gives visual insight in how different properties as concentrations and 
channel conductances vary and interact within a real Purkinje cell.

In order to run the simulation, you need the following : 

1) A fast computer (Pentium200 or SPARC20) with enough memory installed (at
   least 32Mb - 64Mb, depending on which and how many programs are running)

2) Genesis 2.2 installed and correctly configured.

3) A graphical display with at least a resolution of 1024*768

4) the UNIX shell commands : sort, touch


To explore the tutorial, do the following :

1) Make room for the graphical output : move your shell window to the lower
   right hand corner of your display.

2) Change to the directory where the TUTORIAL.g script resides. If you are
   reading this file, you should be in the correct directory.  The tutorial
   will create some files in this directory, so you will need to have write
   privileges.  If the tutorial is installed in a system directory for which
   you do not have write permission, copy the tutorial files to a directory
   in which you are allowed to create files.

3) At the shell prompt, type "./TUTORIAL".  (This Unix shell script will
   create any needed files and will start GENESIS using the TUTORIAL.g
   script.  You do not need to start GENESIS yourself.)  After a long
   initialization period, a window with a Purkinje cell and a control panel
   will appear. To move on, click the 'Help' button in the control panel.
   This will popup the on-line help window.  These instructions, which you
   will need to read before running the tutorial, are contained in the file
   "help.txt".

Ambitious users can run this tutorial using different model setup files
(all the files titled Purk_*, including the morphology file, can be
changed).  Before you do so you need to reconfigure the simulation by 
running "genesis makeconfig.g". After some diagnostic messages, you 
should return to the shell prompt.

For feedback write:
Concepts and documentation: Erik de Schutter - erik@bbf.uia.ac.be
Bugs:                       Hugo Cornelis - hugo@bbf.uia.ac.be

Consult our webpages at bbf-www.uia.ac.be for relevant publications and
additional documentation concerning the model scripts.

Copyright for all the scripts: Born-Bunge Foundation - UA 1998-1999.
